docs: add deferImport (#7638)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/experiments.mdx

Defaults to the value of [`futureDefaults`](#experimentsfuturedefaults).

### experiments.deferImport

> Enable support of the tc39 proposal [Deferring Module Evaluation](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-defer-import-eval).

Reviewer: Nit, but even though the official proposal name is "deferring module evaluation" I think people know it more as "the `import defer` proposal"

This allows deferring the evaluation of a module until its first use.

> This is useful when using dynamic `import()` is problematic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful to synchronously defer code execution when it's not possible to use `import()` due to its asynchronous nature.
```

- Type: `boolean`

This feature requires the runtime environment to have [`Proxy`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Proxy) (ES6) support.

> Enable the following syntaxes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables the following syntaxes:
```
